Oops, I don't want to be a coolie, you
Who made you the great ecology at the end of the Yuan Dynasty?
As long as you are willing to give me all your expensive things.
Just manage
OK, then how much you can learn is up to you.
Oh, really?
Last time I saw your attitude towards Master Qinghe
I thought you didn't want to teach it to others
You don't even think about how old that old man is
I'm going to give it to him
How do you teach it to future generations?
What a big breath
Dare to say that you are Mr. Yun Mo
Liu Xiong, I have already told you
Impossible between us
Don't come to me again
Please get out now
little girl
Although I don't know why Quanzi likes you
But your attitude
This is hitting our Liu family in the face.
How dare you Liu Family come?
It seems that the face was not hit hard enough last time.
Who's your dad?
It's this kid who's been targeting me
lad
Although I don't know where you came from
But in this place
No one dares to insult me Liu Jia
No one dares to be arrogant in front of me
Never seen it, right?
You saw it today, hey
I heard you call yourself Mr. Yunmo
Coincidentally, this gentleman said he was also Mr. Yunmo